Added Intros for REST API Pages (#10001)
github/docs: content/rest/reference/checks.md

---
title: Checks

> intro: 'With Checks API, you can request to build GitHub Apps that run powerful checks against the code changes in a repository.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro: 'With the Checks API, you can build {% data variables.product.prodname_github_apps %} that run powerful checks against the code changes in a repository.'
```

> intro: 'With Checks API, you can request to build GitHub Apps that run powerful checks against the code changes in a repository.'

Reviewer: Again, let's remove the nearly identical sentence in the body of this article.
